['', 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Your AI CoPilot to supercharge your business AI-Powered Business Boost: Empowering Small Businesses and Startups with Streamlined Marketing and Operations, Cutting Effort and Costs! This chatbot\'s trained to answer questions about Zema. Ask a question to get started. Please wait, we are getting chatbot ready for you!!! TRUSTED CUSTOMERS "Works seamlessly as advertised." Arden Milsowick Dallas based Insurance Agency "Chatbot works for my customers and supports our non-profit in answering basic questions" Aisha Duncan Orlando Non-Profit in Womens/ Childrens space "Excited to learn what else Zema will launch in the coming months" Sharon Kingsley Miami based PR Agency FAQs What is Zema?+ Zema is an AI CoPilot designed to assist small business owners, entrepreneurs, coaches, consultants, startup founders, and executives in enterprise companies. Our platform provides AI tools and widgets to streamline your day-to-day operational tasks, making them effortless and completed on time. We are currently starting with ChatBots for your website, utilizing your webcopy and ingested PDFs as the source. Additionally, we have plans to release at least one new widget every two months for the next year. Does Zema securely hold my data?+ At Zema, we prioritize the security of your content and data. We store all information on secure and encrypted AWS servers. If you require an even higher level of security, we can customize the setup to work with your AWS servers or preferred storage locations as part of a Custom project. Who uses Zema?+ Zema is currently being utilized by various businesses, including Insurance Agencies in Dallas, Dental offices in Houston, Law offices in Jersey City, and many others. If your business requires efficient customer query handling, we can connect with you and reduce the effort required to address those queries. We are also working on Twilio integration to make it easier using your Business phone Number. How is Zema different from other AI wrappers and chatbots available?+ Zema is a product company that prioritizes customer satisfaction. We adopt a customer-first mentality and are flexible in customizing our product to meet your specific needs. We constantly refactor AI Tools\' outcomes and inputs to focus on your success, one customer at a time. What is on the Roadmap for Zema after chatbots?+ Zema will collaborate with the community to identify the most desired features and functions. Based on this feedback, we will define our roadmap accordingly. Our approach involves giving our customers and the community what they want, and we will crowdsource future feature development. Can I talk to a real human being if I have questions about Zema?+ Absolutely! We set aside specific hours every week for our founders and development teams to address customer queries. Additionally, we plan to hold weekly town halls to answer questions and discuss the reasoning behind features and functions. As we continue to scale, we aim to have community ambassadors who will support and assist customers with their needs. Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Key Features Create Powerful AI Knowledge Bases Upload multiple file types, websites, images and videos Accessible and easy to use Speak to Zema rather than type, and listen to the responses as voice Accessible and easy to use Speak to Zema rather than type, and listen to the responses as voice Share your AI chatbot One-click to share with friends, embed on your website, or create a chat bubble And more Customize the look and feel of your chatbot Use custom logos, colors, fonts and styling on your unique chatbot Integration friendly Connect with a wide range of applications Powered by latest LLM technology OpenAI’s most advanced LLM Privacy & Security At Zema, your data is secured using robust AWS encryption and privacy standards API Embed Zema’s power directly into your products Sentiment Extract the meaning and emotion from your data Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Pricing Free 0 USD/ month Subscribe What is included : 100 Tokens Per Month 1 Chatbot or Business Ops Function 10,000 Character Generations Max Limited Knowledge Base Simple 80 USD/ month Subscribe What is included : 10,000 Tokens Per Month 2 ChatBots or Business Ops Unlimited Character Generations Unlimited File Uploads Standard 200 USD/ month Subscribe What is included : 100,000 Tokens Per Month 10 ChatBots or Business ops Audio and Speech Capable Automated Integration Enterprise Contact Us For Pricing Subscribe What is included : Unlimited Tokens Unlimited ChatBots or Business Ops Dedicated Automation manager White Label Functions ChatBot Branding Priority Support Pricing FAQs What is counted towards a Token? A Token is a combination of the Knowledgebase documents and websites ingested combined with number of queries and interaction using that knowledgebase. What happens if I exceed my Token Limit for the month? You can buy additional tokens by adding same number of Tokens in that plan for 80% of the cost of the Plan. Can I upgrade my plan after getting a lower tier? Yes, you can upgrade to the next level for the next month. How do I know how many tokens I have remaining and when I should be buying more? We will constantly showcase inside your profile the Token Usage on a real time basis and will warn you by email when you are 80% near the limit so you can go in and fill up your tokens. Can I update my bots prompt and start message before I embed it on my website? Yes! You can update both the prompt and start message, and tune it over time to customize your bot as you wish. Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema The Blog "Unlocking Knowledge and Nurturing Creativity in Every Post" How to Customize ChatGPT with your dataTim Smith Top 5 Best ChatGPT Plugins for BusinessJames Pog Impact of AI on BusinessHughes Campbell AI and Dental OfficesKimiko Nyugen Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', "Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Login Don't have an account? Sign up Forgot Password Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service", 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Your AI CoPilot to supercharge your business AI-Powered Business Boost: Empowering Small Businesses and Startups with Streamlined Marketing and Operations, Cutting Effort and Costs! This chatbot\'s trained to answer questions about Zema. Ask a question to get started. Please wait, we are getting chatbot ready for you!!! TRUSTED CUSTOMERS "Works seamlessly as advertised." Arden Milsowick Dallas based Insurance Agency "Chatbot works for my customers and supports our non-profit in answering basic questions" Aisha Duncan Orlando Non-Profit in Womens/ Childrens space "Excited to learn what else Zema will launch in the coming months" Sharon Kingsley Miami based PR Agency FAQs What is Zema?+ Zema is an AI CoPilot designed to assist small business owners, entrepreneurs, coaches, consultants, startup founders, and executives in enterprise companies. Our platform provides AI tools and widgets to streamline your day-to-day operational tasks, making them effortless and completed on time. We are currently starting with ChatBots for your website, utilizing your webcopy and ingested PDFs as the source. Additionally, we have plans to release at least one new widget every two months for the next year. Does Zema securely hold my data?+ At Zema, we prioritize the security of your content and data. We store all information on secure and encrypted AWS servers. If you require an even higher level of security, we can customize the setup to work with your AWS servers or preferred storage locations as part of a Custom project. Who uses Zema?+ Zema is currently being utilized by various businesses, including Insurance Agencies in Dallas, Dental offices in Houston, Law offices in Jersey City, and many others. If your business requires efficient customer query handling, we can connect with you and reduce the effort required to address those queries. We are also working on Twilio integration to make it easier using your Business phone Number. How is Zema different from other AI wrappers and chatbots available?+ Zema is a product company that prioritizes customer satisfaction. We adopt a customer-first mentality and are flexible in customizing our product to meet your specific needs. We constantly refactor AI Tools\' outcomes and inputs to focus on your success, one customer at a time. What is on the Roadmap for Zema after chatbots?+ Zema will collaborate with the community to identify the most desired features and functions. Based on this feedback, we will define our roadmap accordingly. Our approach involves giving our customers and the community what they want, and we will crowdsource future feature development. Can I talk to a real human being if I have questions about Zema?+ Absolutely! We set aside specific hours every week for our founders and development teams to address customer queries. Additionally, we plan to hold weekly town halls to answer questions and discuss the reasoning behind features and functions. As we continue to scale, we aim to have community ambassadors who will support and assist customers with their needs. Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Sign up Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', ' Introduction Create Bot Embedding the Chatbot Embedding in HTML websites Embedding in Shopify Embedding in Wordpress Using the Chatbot Payment and Subscription Accounts Signup Login Forgot Password Manage Bots Chatbot\'s Knowledge Base Analytics Token Usage Unique Conversations Chat History Submit Issue / Feedback Demo Chat Modify Bots Retrain Bots Edit Knowledge Base Delete Bot Modify Bot Properties Modify Bot Look Menu Guide Introduction Zema is an AI Co-pilot designed to assist small business owners, entrepreneurs, coaches, consultants, start-up founders, and executives in enterprise companies. We are currently starting with Chatbots for websites, utilizing web copy and ingested PDFs as the source. Create Bot Zema is used to create chatbots that can be embedded into your websites. The chatbot can be used to answer user queries. Zema currently offers web URLs and PDF support which it uses to create knowledge base for your chatbot. We can create a chatbot by first navigating to create chatbot page. The create chatbot page can be found by first clicking on \'My Chatbots\' in the navbar, you will be navigated to My Chatbots page where you can find a button "Create Chatbots", on clicking on this button you will be navigated to "Create Chatbots page". There we will find a form asking for: Name of the chatbot URL of the website you want the chatbot about - This Url is used by Zema for data collection. We can either collect data from only this Url or use this Url to find more Urls inside the provided Url and then collect data from all those Urls and the provided Url. Scrap data from Urls found inside the above url - This switch is turned Off by default. When in Off state, the chatbot will only scrap or fetch data from the Url inputed by the client. When in On state, Zema will first search the Url inputed by the client for other Urls, after finding the Urls, it will use the inputed Url and the Urls it found for data collection. URLs to exclude when creating the knowledge base - When Zema is set to find other Urls inside the given Url, there could be Urls we don\'t want to include in our knowledge base. These Urls can be filled inside the form, each Url in a separate line. Zema will then not include these Urls during data collection process. PDF file you want the chatbot about. Embedding the Chatbot Once the chatbot has been created successfully, we can embed it inside our websites to give our website a chatbot functionality. Embedding Zema chatbot is very easy. Embedding into HTML based websites Go to My Chatbots page by clicking on My Chatbots in the Navbar. There you will find all your created bots. Click on details button on the bot you want to embed. You will be navigated to Manage Chatbots page. Manage Chatbots will show the name and other details of your created chatbot. Below the name you will find "Add this Script to your website to get your chatbot". Click on the script inside the white box, this will copy the chatbots script into your clipboard Go inside your websites code, open your website\'s "Index.html" file. There you just have to paste the script inside the "Head" tag and save your \'Index.html\' file. This will embed our chatbot into your website Embedding into your Shopify Store Go to My Chatbots page by clicking on My Chatbots in the Navbar. There you will find all your created bots. Click on details button on the bot you want to embed. You will be navigated to Manage Chatbots page. Manage Chatbots will show the name and other details of your created chatbot. Below the name you will find "Add this Script to your website to get your chatbot". Click on the script inside the white box, this will copy the chatbots script into your clipboard Login to your Shopify Admin. To login, go to your Shopify store\'s admin panel by visiting https://admin.shopify.com/ In the Shopify admin, go to “Online Store” and then click on “Themes.” Then Click on “Customize” the theme you are using for your store. In the left sidebar of the theme editor, you will see “Add section” under the “Header” section. Click on this and choose “Custom Liquid”. Just add the script tag inside the "Head" tag and set the Padding for both to be 0px. After adding the script tag, click the “Save” button at the top right of the Theme Editor to save your changes. This will embed our chatbot into your website. Embedding into your Wordpress website. Go to My Chatbots page by clicking on My Chatbots in the Navbar. There you will find all your created bots. Click on details button on the bot you want to embed. You will be navigated to Manage Chatbots page. Manage Chatbots will show the name and other details of your created chatbot. Below the name you will find "Add this Script to your website to get your chatbot". Click on the script inside the white box, this will copy the chatbots script into your clipboard First, you will need to log in to your WordPress settings and then add a plugin to install the Zema chatbot code into your site. Go to Plugins section  -->  Search Simple Custom CSS and JS  -->  Click Settings. Click Add HTML Code button. Go to WordPress plugins and click on Settings for Simple Custom CSS and JS. Save your progress by clicking the Publish button in the right corner. This will embed our chatbot into your website. Using the Chatbot After you have embedded the chatbot on your website, Zema\'s logo will appear at the bottom right corner of your webpages. On clicking on the logo, a popup will open with a chat interface. This is our chatbot popup. You or anyone opening your website can ask questions to the chatbot about the website, the chatbot will using LLM to figure out the answer from the provided knowledge base and give the answer. The chatbots interface is as follows: Initially the chatbot will give you an introductory message. This message can be modified from the Manage Bots section. Below will be a few chat bubbles at the bottom of the chat area, these are suggested queries. Clicking on any of these will ask the query to the chatbot. The rest of the suggested prompts will then disappear. These queries can be modified or removed from the Manage bots section. The input area is used for typing your query, the query can then be asked to the chatbot by clicking on the send button ( arrow shaped icon ). The chatbot will have a somewhat transparent "Powered by Zema" written inside the chatarea. This message can be removed by purchasing the "Enterprise tier" subscription. Zema chatbots also support both \'speech to text\' and \'text to speech\' functionalities. These functionalities are unlocked on purchasing the \'Standard tier\' subscription or above. Speech to text can be used for asking queries to our chatbot. In order for the chatbot to listen to your audio, you will need to click on the "Microphone icon with a slash". This icon signifies that the chatbot is yet to get permission to listen to the audio. On clicking on the icon, the browser will ask for your permission to use microphone. Click \'yes\'. Then the icon will change to "Microphone". The mic icon signifies that the chatbot has permission to listen but isn\'t listening to your audio right now. Click on the "Microphone icon", the icon will change to circular "Stop" icon. This signifies that the chatbot is listening to your audio. On clicking on the "Stop" icon will stop the recording and the icon will revert back to "Microphone" icon. The audio it recorded will be processed from "Speech to Text" and the query will be automatically asked to the chatbot. Text to Speech can be used to listen to the answers given by the chatbot. In order for the chatbot to implement "Text to Speech", click on the "Speaker Cross" icon. The speaker cross icon signifies that the "Text to Speech" is off. On turning it on by clicking the icon will change to "Speaker". Now the chatbot will synthesis speech from the answered text. Payment and Subscription Zema offers various tiers of subscription each offering additional quirks and features including amount of usable tokens, amount of usable chatbots, audio and speech capabilities, etc. Subscriptions can be bought on Yearly or Monthly basis as desired by the client. Subscription tiers include: Free Tier Simple Tier Standard Tier Enterprise Tier Bought date changes to the day the subscription is bought Expiry date changes according to plan Plan is upgraded according to the plan bought Number of usable tokens is upgraded/ refilled according to the plan Bots left is updated according to plan bought but not refilled. The number of bots will be total bots given by the subscription tier minus the number of bots being used by the client. Date of payment Plan bought Amount paid Zema user\'s email id Name of the person mentioned during Stripe payment Payment Id Accounts Whenever a client creates an account by signing up with Zema, a few data points are stored in Zema\'s database. These datapoints include: Name of the Client Phone number of the Client Email id of the Client Password of the Client A default subscription (free tier subscription) is given to the client on signing up. Client Email Subscription plan Date the current plan was bought on Date the current plan will expire Usable chatbots left Usable tokens left Signup To create bots and embed them into your website you will first need to create a Zema profile/account. You can create an account by signing up. To signup click on "Try Zema" in the navbar, you will be navigated to a login page with and login form. Click on "Signup" link. You will be navigated to the signup page with a signup form. Fill the required details (Name, phone number, email id, password) and click submit. Another form will appear asking for an OTP. Zema has sent an OTP on your email ID, check it and fill the OTP inside the form and submit. Congratulations, your Profile has been registered with Zema. You will then be navigated to the "Login" page, where you will need to login to get your admin controls for your chatbot creation, modification, analysis, etc. Zema also allows Google Login/Signup. You can find a "Google" button on both Login and Signup page. This button allows for either Signup or Login depending on whether you already have a Account or not. Login To login, you need to navigate to the login page by clicking on the "Try Zema" in navbar. Fill in the necessary details and click on submit. Congratulations, you have now logged in to your Zema profile. Forgot Password Forgot password feature can be used by the Clients to set a new password in case they have forgotten their existing password. To set a new password for your Zema profile, you need to navigate to the Forgot Password page. Click on Try Zema button in the navbar, you will be navigated to the Login page, under the login button you fill find a link "Forgot Password", click on it to navigate to the Forgot Password page. On the forgot password page, you will find a form named "Forgot Password", fill in your email id which was used for creating the Zema profile and then click submit. Another form will appear below this form asking for an OTP. You can check your inbox for OTP from Zema. Fill in the OTP and press submit. Another form will appear below this OTP form, this form will prompt you to fill in your "New Password". Fill in your new password and click submit. Congratulations, you have successfully changed your Zema profile\'s password. Manage Bots and Analytics Zema chatbots upon their creation have a few properties. These properties can both be viewed and modified inside the Manage Bots section. Chatbot Knowledge Base A chatbot answers questions in the context of it\'s knowledge base. The knowledge base of a chatbot can comprise of: Website\'s data - Zema can scrape data from your desired website and use it as it\'s knowledge base PDF - Zema can scrape data from PDF file and use it as it\'s knowledge base Zema allows the Clients to Embed Q/A pair into the website for more precise answering. These sources can be viewed by the client on Manage chatbot page. To navigate click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card which you want to check the sources of. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". The data here includes: URL of the website scrapped Name of the PDF file from which data was scrapped URLs scrapped - Zema can either scrape only the URL you provide it or scrape the URL you provided for additional URLs and then scrape all of them together. In URLs scrapped in the latter case are displayed in this section. URLs excluded - Zema provides you the choice to exclude certain URLs from getting scrapped. These excluded URLs are displayed in this section Embedded Q/A - Embedded Q/A pair are the Q/A pairs that were embedded into the knowledge base by the Client. Analytics Zema chatbots will be used by the users of Client\'s website. A lot of usage data will thus be generated that could provide useful insites to the Client. Due to this very reason Zema collects a variety of data from the chatbots and provided it to the Clients for their use. Zema provides a few analytics for you to help track your chatbots usage. It includes: Line graph for Token usage per day for every bot Line graph for Unique conversations held per day for every bot Chat history of every bot Tokens Usage Tokens are used by the chatbots for answering queries. The amount of tokens used by the chatbots depend on: Amount of data used for answering the query Length of answer given by the chatbot The "Tokens used" is used for visualizing the Token usage of that particular bot per day. The graph initially will not be displayed. The graph comes with a form which acts as the input or filter for the graph. The inputs can be YYYY-MM-DD or YYYY-MM or YYYY or empty. After filling the graph click on Generate graph button to generate a line graph.Let\'s explain the inputs in the generate graph form: YYYY-MM-DD: Display data from that specific day YYYY-MM: Display data from that specific month YYYY: Display data from that specific year Empty: Display all the data available Unique Conversations Everytime a user visits the Client\'s website and uses their chatbot for a conversation, it triggers the start of the conversation. When the user closes the bot, then 1 unique conversation is counted. Unqiue conversations can be useful for finding the aount of people using the chatbot when they visit the client\'s website. The unique conversation data is registered and stored by Zema for every bot. This data is then stored in the database on a daily basis. So Unique conversations per day are tracked by Zema. This data can be visualized in the form of a line graph. This line graph of Unique conversations per day can be found in Manage Bots page, Bot Analytics section. To navigate click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card which you want to check the analytics about. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Click on the "Bot Analytics" and you will be at the Bot Analytics section. The "Unqiue Conversations" is used for visualizing the number of Unique conversations that occured on that particular bot per day. The graph initially will not be displayed. The graph comes with a form which acts as the input or filter for the graph. The inputs can be YYYY-MM-DD or YYYY-MM or YYYY or empty. After filling the graph click on Generate graph button to generate a line graph.Let\'s explain the inputs in the generate graph form: YYYY-MM-DD: Display data from that specific day YYYY-MM: Display data from that specific month YYYY: Display data from that specific year Empty: Display all the data available Chat History Zema also stores chat history of the chats or Q/A sessions that occurred on the chatbot. Chat history stored is based on Unique Conversations held on the chatbot. Chat history is stored with it\'s date and time of occurrence. The chats can be viewed by the Client in Manage bots page, Bot analytics section. To navigate click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card which you want to check the chat history of. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Click on the "Bot Analytics" and you will be at the Bot Analytics section. The chat history section will initially show a list of date and time of the respective conversations. Click on the one you want to read and it will open the accordian with the chat shown as a chat interface. The chats are paginated into groups of 10 chats. To view the other chats you can navigate the paginated chat history section by using the arrow buttons below. Page number of chat history is also available. You can also filter and search for the chat history using date and time. Just put the required date/time in the search bar and it will filter the relevant data. This technique helps filter and visualize relevant data. Submit Issue / Feedback We can also submit issues / feedback to Zema. To submit an issue or feedback, navigate to manage bots page, to the Demo chat section. To navigate click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card which you want to submit an issue for. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Click on the "Demo Chat" and you will be at the Demo chat section.There you will find the form for Feedback / Issue. Just fill the title of the issue and details of the issue and click on submit. The issue / feedback will be sent to the Zema team who will view the issue and take the appropriate action. Demo Chat Demo chat is a working demo of the chatbot on manage bots page, demo chat section. To navigate click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card which you want to use Demo Chat for. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Click on the "Demo Chat" and you will be at the Demo chat section. This demo chat is great for observing: How changes in the UI / appearance of the chatbot would look and feel like How changing Prompts of the chatbot is effecting the answers of the chatbot Answers given by the chatbot on using the suggested queries of the chatbot Check if the chatbot is unable to answer to a specific question and then use Embed question form to embed it\'s answer into the chatbots knowledge base. Modify Bots Zema provides a lot of customizability for their chatbots, both in appearance and functionality. These customizations can help Clients achieve their desired output and feel from our chatbots. The various ways in which we can modify our chatbot include: Retrain Chatbot Edit Knowledge base / Embed Q/A Modify properites of the bot Modify appearance of the bot Delete bot Retrain Bots Zema chatbots can be retrained from scratch with new data, using the Retrain bot functionality. On retraining the chatbot, previous knowledge base is replaced by new Knowledge base. The retraining of chatbot canbe done with URL and Pdf, or either one of them. Your Bots left in your subscription tier remains unchanged for it is modification in already existing bot. To retrain your bot, click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card of the chatbot which you want to retrain. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Scroll down and you will find Retrain Bot form. It takes in URL, PDF and exclude URL as parameters. Edit Knowledge Base Sometimes, the knowledge base of a chatbot needs little modifications or additions instead of retraining it from the scratch. Zema chatbots let new data be added into the knowledge base using the Embed Q/A functionality. This feature is useful when the LLM fails to recognize the answer or doesn\'t give optimal or desired answer to a specific question. To edit the knowledge base your bot, click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card of the chatbot which you want to retrain. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Click on Demo chats section and scroll down and you will find Embed Q/A form. When the Client embeds a Q/A pair into the chatbot a few additional sections appear. Embedded Q/A section in Bot Properties section. It shows the Q/A pairs that have been embedded into the chatbot Embedded Q/A section in Chat Demo section. It shows the Q/A pairs that have been embedded into the chatbot Embedded Q/A Saved section in Bot Properties section. It shows the Q/A pairs that were once embedded into the chatbot. When we Retrain our bot, a brand new knowledge base is created from the provided PDF/URL. In this process the Embedded Q/A are removed. But these removed Q/A pair are saved inside the Zema database and can be re-embedded into our knowledge base using the Embedded Q/A Saved section. It contains the Embedded Q/A pair along with 2 buttons:-- "Embed Question" to embed this Q/A into the knowledge base, and "Remove Question" to remove that question from the list. Delete Bots To delete a bot simply delete it from Manage bots page, Bots property section. To delete your bot, click on "My Chatbots" in the navbar. You will be navigated to my chatbots page which displays all the chatbots created by you. Click on "Details" button on the card of the chatbot which you want to delete. You will be navigated to the "Manage Bots page". Scroll down and you will find Delete Bot button. Confirm the deletion to delete your chatbot. This frees up one bot from your allowed bots in your subscription tier. Modify Bot Properties Various properties of a chatbot can be modified by the Client to customize it\'s working and user experience: Name of the Chatbot - Only used for recognizing the chatbot in Client\'s Admin Panel The initial message which is shown by the chatbot on opening it. Suggested Queries which are shown on by the chatbot when we initially open it. On clicking on one of these Queries, the query is sent to the chatbot and the chatbot answers it. The suggested queries then disappear. Suggested queries have to be separated by comma “,” to be recognized as a separate query. Prompt of the chatbot. The prompt is the question that is way in which the question is framed and asked to the chatbot. An effective query can increase the chatbots likelihood of answering what we want and the way we want. During modifying prompt, care should be taken to not to change or remove “text” or “query” as these 2 are keywords important for the chatbot to function. “Text” is the relevant document found by the LLM used for answering the question and "Query" is the user\'s query. Modify Bot Look Zema Chabots appearance can be modified or customized in various ways in order to suit the client\'s taste and suit the websites appearance it will be embedded into. The chatbots can be modified in various ways including: Font Style Font Size Background colour of the chatbots UI Text colour of Clients queries Text colour of Chatbots responses Background colour of chat bubble of clients queries Background colour of chat bubble of chatbots responses', "Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Login Don't have an account? Sign up Forgot Password Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service", 'Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Privacy Policy Effective date: 08.01.2023 Our Commitment to User Privacy Protecting your privacy is our top priority. We do not show ads or sell data. All data we collect from you is acquired for internal business uses only and for the purpose of providing our Service to you. We operate and maintain a variety of online security measures to safeguard your privacy and keep any data we receive private. Introduction Welcome to ZEMA.Zema.io Website located at https://zema.io, Zema Tools and Widgets, Zema Browser Extensions (hereinafter altogether referred to as “Service”), are operated by Zema Technologies a DBA under Florida Company Registrations (“us”, “we”, or “our”), registered at 8350 Bee Ridge Road, Sarasota FL 34241.Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to https://zema.io and usage of Service and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions.Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“Agreement”). Definitions means the https://zema.io website. means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device). means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the way any personal data is, or are to be, processed. To this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data. mean any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data. is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data. Information Collection and Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected We gather three types of information: Personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) that is supplied voluntarily upon registration for Services, ordering products from Services or subscribing to our marketing materials, and Aggregate tracking and site usage information that is gathered automatically when you use the Service. Cookies. It is our policy to use the personally identifiable information acquired at our websites and applications for internal business uses only and for the purpose of providing the Service. We operate and maintains a variety of online security measures to safeguard and keep personal data private: We encrypt all client-server and server-server communications. We store data in our database in encrypted form, including storing user account password in salted hash format. We implement access control procedures to ensure only authorized personnel have access to sensitive data. We only collect and store the data that is necessary for Zema to function, we limit the amount of personal data we store We automatically delete personal data when it is no longer needed (e.g. when you delete your account with us) We do not collect your web browser data including but not limited to browsing history, 3rd party website data and passwords. We do not collect any data that is not required to provide our Service to Users.We only collect sensitive personal information and personally identifiable information when you voluntarily provide us with this information or where such information is required or permitted to be collected by law or professional standards. Personal Data Personally identifiable information includes: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link. Usage Data We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Cookies Data We use cookies to track the activity on our Service.Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data Zema uses the collected data for the following purposes: to provide and maintain our Service; to notify you about changes to our Service; to provide customer support; to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service; to monitor the usage of our Service; to detect, prevent and address technical issues; to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing; to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.; to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information; in other ways we may describe when you provide the information; for other purposes with your consent. Retention of Data We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. Transfer of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.If you are located outside of North America and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to North America and process it there.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.Zema will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide: Disclosure for Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities. Business Transaction. If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We may disclose your information also: to our subsidiaries and affiliates; to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business; if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others; with your consent in any other cases. Security of Data The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. See more at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/ojWe aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at contact@zema.io.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you; the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete; the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data; the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information; the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format; the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information; Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data.You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) CalOPPA is the first state law in the United States to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc- education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/According to CalOPPA we agree to the following: users can visit our site anonymously; our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the page specified above on the home page of our website; users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page; users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at contact@zema.io. Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service- related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enWe also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Payments We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.The payment processors we work with are:Stripe:Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/privacy Links to Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children’s Privacy Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 18. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us Please send your feedback, comments, requests for technical support by email: contact@zema.io or by visiting this page on our website: https://zema.io/contact-us Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service', "Features Pricing Blog Try Zema Terms Of Service Effective date: 08.01.2023 IntroductionThese Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) are used to determine the rules of the Service and to clarify the legal relationship between the entity using the Service and the Company. Zema(“Company”) operates web pages located at zema.io and offers Service (as defined below in Section 2).The Service is dedicated to the professional entities to help them to conduct their business. Using the Website and/or the Service in any manner, also by going through the Account registration process, the User or the Guest declares that (i) he/she has read, understood and accepts the provisions of the Terms and Privacy Policy, (ii) his/her age and legal capacity enables to conclude an agreement with the Company, (iii) he/she has the right to act on behalf of the entity which he/she represents and his/her declarations are effective. If the User does not agree to apply under the provisions of the Terms, he/she should not use the Service. In such a case however, the User may contact the Company by emailing at contact@zema.io so the Company can try to find a solution. PERSONAL DATAUnless otherwise indicated, the following capitalizes terms have the following meaning: Account – means individualized panel serving the User to exploit the Service and/or the Website. Agreement – means a subscription agreement that may be concluded between User and the Company, that specifies the scope and the price for using the Service. API – means Zema application programming interface to be integrated with the User’s software. Company – means Zema. Content – means the contents such as texts, pictures and other, which the Guest, or the User publishes, presents or sends on the Website or with the use of Service. Device – means devices such as a computer, telephone, smartphone, tablet or other electronic equipment which allows browsing web pages. Guest – means an entity browsing the Website. Intellectual Property – means any designations, inventions, utility models, industrial designs, works and other externalized expressions of creative activity that are the subject of exclusive rights of the Company. Licence – means a non-exclusive right to personal use of the API and/or the Widget. Link – means hyperlink referring to the Other Website. Mobile Device – means a portable device such as a telephone, smartphone, tablet or other electronic equipment which operates the Website and/or the Service. Notification – means message sent to the User as part of the Service. Other Websites – means websites other than the Website. Password – means the User’s anonymized verification tool which enables the access to the Account and is the sequence of signs possibly to entry by using the keyboard of the computer or Mobile Device, which also allows entering text messages in the amount and configuration invented by the User however containing at least 8 signs. Privacy Policy – means the Privacy Policy, which defines the rules of personal data processing by the Company, available under the following internet address: https://zema.io/privacy-policy. Service – means together the Website, Widget and/or the API (depending on the scope dedicated to a given User pursuant to the Agreement). Terms – means these terms of service available under the following address:https://www.zema.io/terms. User – means an entity who owns the Account. Website – means web pages located at zema.io. Widget – means a Zema widget that may be implemented to the User’s website. Above mentioned definitions retain their meaning regardless of whether they are expressed in the singular or the plural. General RulesUsing the Service means full acceptance of the Terms. The Terms applies to relations between the Company and the Guest or the User only. If the Service and/or the Website introduces the possibility of providing services by other entities, they will be provided on the basis of regulations shared by these entities and only these entities will be responsible for the execution of the services, except the content of the Terms clearly and unambiguously indicates otherwise. Each entity using the Service and/or the Website is obliged to use it in accordance with its destiny resulting from the Terms. Using the Website is permissible provided that the Device meets jointly the following minimum technical requirements:has access to the Internet,allows the start-up of the one from following internet browsers: (i) Google Chrome, (ii) Opera, (iii) Firefox, (iv) Safari, (v) Microsoft Edge,the internet browser version used cannot be older than one year,has JavaScript enabled.Using the API is possible if the following minimum technical requirements are met:has access to the Internet,has software that enables sending HTTP requests.Using the Widget is possible if the following minimum technical requirements are met:has access to the Internet,allows the start-up of the one from following internet browsers: (i) Google Chrome, (ii) Opera, (iii) Firefox, (iv) Safari, (v) Microsoft Edge,the internet browser version used cannot be older than one year,has JavaScript enabled.It is recommended to install anti-virus software on the Device or on the Mobile Device. AccountAccount set-up is possible through the Website. Account set-up requires logging in using Facebook account, Google account or registering by providing other personal email and Password. When you create an Account you should provide us with accurate, complete, and current information at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Website and Service. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account and Password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your Device or Mobile Device and/or Account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your Account and/or Password, whether your Password is with our Website and Service or a third- party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account. You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene. CommunicationsBy creating an Account, you can agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. SubscriptionsSome parts of Service are billed on a subscription basis (“Subscription(s)”). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis (“Billing Cycle”). Billing cycles are set either on a monthly or annual basis, depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription. At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or the Company cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your Account or by contacting Company’s customer support team at contact@zema.io. A valid payment method, including credit or debit card, Apple Pay or Google Pay, is required to process the payment for your subscription. You shall provide the Company with accurate and complete billing information including (i) full name, (ii) email address, (iii) country, (iv) business’s legal entity name, (v) VAT tax number and (vi) a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize Company to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your Account to any such payment instruments. Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, Company will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: service availability, errors in the description or price of the service, error in your order or other reasons. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected. Company is not responsible for any additional fees, including taxes, imposed by the relevant authorities of the country in which the person submitting an order resides / is located. Payment of these additional fees remains the responsibility of the person submitting the order. Fee ChangesThe Company, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then- current Billing Cycle. The Company will provide you with a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective. Your continued use of Service after Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount. RefundsExcept when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable. ContentOur Service and Website allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material (“Content”). You are responsible, in particular to your customers, for Content that you post on or through Service including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness. By posting Content on or through Service or Website, You represent and warrant that: (i) Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the Account of any User found to be infringing on a copyright. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through Service or Website and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through Service. However, by posting Content using the Website you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Website. The Company has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by Users. The Guest and the User assume full liability for the Content. In particular the User is obliged to join on the part of Company’s proceedings pending on the initiative of third parties in the field of protection of their intellectual property rights and to release the Company from all claims of persons authorized in this respect. Prohibited UsesYou may use Service or Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms. You agree not to use Service or Website:in any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation,for the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content or otherwise,to transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter,” “spam,” or any other similar solicitation,to impersonate or attempt to impersonate Company, a Company employee, another User, or any other person or entity,in any way that infringes upon the rights of others, or in any way is illegal, threatening, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity,to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of Service or Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm or offend Company or Users of Service or Website or expose them to liability.You may use Service or Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with Terms. You Additionally, you agree not to:use Service and Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair Service or Website or interfere with any other party’s use of Service, including their ability to engage in real time activities through Service or Website,use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access Service or Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on Service or Website,use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on Service or Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent,use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of Service or Website,introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material, which is malicious or technologically harmful,attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of Service or Website, the server on which Service or Website is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to Service or Website,attack Service or Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack,take any action that may damage or falsify Company rating,otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of Service or Website. AnalyticsWe may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service and Website. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service and Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en. We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Intellectual PropertyThe Service, the Website and their original content (excluding Content), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of the Company and its licensors. The Service and the Website are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of the Company. The Guest and the User by using the Service do not acquire any rights to the Intellectual Property. It is prohibited to use the Intellectual Property for purposes other than those resulting from the authorized personal use referred to in the Article 23 of the Act of February 4, 1994 on Copyright and Related Rights. Upon purchase of a Subscription, the User receives the Licence to use the Service in accordance with the Subscription. The Licence is limited, non- transferable, revocable, non-exclusive and granted for a period consistent with the conditions of the Subscription. The User is not entitled to give a sublicense. The Licence is granted only in the following forms of exploitation:subscribing and installing the Service on the User’s website and/or software,using the Service to serve the customers of the User.The User shall not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or attempt to derive source code from Service or the Website or any portion thereof. The User is not entitled to create and/or publish APIs or otherwise proxying access to the Service or the Website nor is allowed to use the Service or the Website in an automated manner (that is by machine or computer program). Copyright PolicyWe respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted with the use of the Service or on the Website infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights (“Infringement”) of any person or entity. If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright Infringement, please submit your claim via email to @dante-ai.co, with the subject line: “Copyright Infringement” and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under “DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims”. You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresentation or bad- faith claims on the infringement of any Content found on and/or through Service or Website on your copyright. DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement ClaimsYou may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest,a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work,identification of the URL or other specific location on Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located,your address, telephone number, and email address,a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law,a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.You can contact our Copyright Agent via email at support@dante-ai.com. Error Reporting and FeedbackThe Company tries – to the best of its ability – to support the Guests and Users in solving their problems related to functioning of the Service, as well as undertakes actions to improve the quality of the Service’s functioning and the provision of the Service based on the comments submitted by these entities. You may provide us directly at support@dante- ai.com with information and feedback concerning errors, suggestions for improvements, ideas, problems, complaints, and other matters related to our Service (“Feedback”). You acknowledge and agree that: (i) you shall not retain, acquire or assert any intellectual property right or other right, title or interest in or to the Feedback; (ii) Company may have development ideas similar to the Feedback; (iii) Feedback does not contain confidential information or proprietary information from you or any third party; and (iv) Company is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback. In the event the transfer of the ownership to the Feedback is not possible due to applicable mandatory laws, you grant Company and its affiliates an exclusive, transferable, irrevocable, free-of-charge, sub-licensable, unlimited and perpetual right to use (including copy, modify, create derivative works, publish, distribute and commercialize) Feedback in any manner and for any purpose. Links to Other WebsitesOur Service and/or Website may contain links to Other Websites that are not owned or controlled by the Company. The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any Other Websites. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or Other Websites. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH CONTENT, GOODS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY OTHER WEBSITES. WE STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO READ THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICIES OF ANY OTHER WEBSITES THAT YOU VISIT.. Disclaimer of WarrantyTHE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY COMPANY ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THEIR SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS INCLUDED THEREIN. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, THEIR CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED FROM US IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SERVICES, THEIR CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. Limitation of LiabilityThe Company shall not be liable for the consequences of complying with the content of tips, articles or other publications on the Website or the Service, including the content provided by the AI computer. You acknowledge that the AI computer that provides the content in the Service and/or the Website is not the expert and may be mistaken and you cannot rely on its answers or advice. In particular it cannot replace any professional recommendation. The Company shall not be liable to the customers of the User for the use of the Service and the Content provided by the Service to the User’s customers.The Company shall not be liable for the consequences of installing or sending any malicious software, phishing or any other practises undertaken by other entities to the Service. The Company shall not be liable for any breaks in the operation of the Service. The Company shall not be liable for the consequences of phenomena known as force majeure, including in particular power outages, fires, atmospheric phenomena, wars, riots, strikes and other similar events that are not affected by the Company. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU WILL HOLD US AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS HARMLESS FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, HOWEVER IT ARISES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES AND ALL RELATED COSTS AND EXPENSES OF LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION, OR AT TRIAL OR ON APPEAL, IF ANY, WHETHER OR NOT LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION IS INSTITUTED), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CLAIM FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, ARISING FROM THESE TERMS AND ANY VIOLATION BY YOU OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL LAWS, STATUTES, RULES, OR REGULATIONS, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, IF THERE IS LIABILITY FOUND ON THE PART OF COMPANY, IT WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SERVICES, AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THERE BE CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE PRIOR LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. The Guest’s/User’s LiabilityThe Guest and/or User is fully liable for the consequences of authorized or unauthorized distribution of any content available on the Website or the Service. This applies to Intellectual Property. The liability includes the Company’s release from any claims in this respect if such are against Company. The User is solely liable for any Content published, presented, sent or in any other way provided during the use of Service to the User’s customers. Service breaksThe Company does not guarantee the permanent accessibility of the Service or the Website. The Company reserves the right to introduce a break in the operation of the Website or the Service or their certain functionalities. If there is an intention to implement a break, the Company will notify about it by posting relevant information or a massage on the Website or via the email provided when setting-up the Account at least 3 days before the date of planned break. In the event of unintended breaks in the operation of the Website or the Service or their certain functionalities, the Company will immediately notify about it by posting a relevant information or message on the Website or via the email provided when setting-up the Account. Acceptance of the Regulations means also giving an approval for the Services being not 100% reliable. Personal Data Protection and SecurityThe Company processes personal data with due diligence and ensuring adequate technical and organizational security measures. Detailed information about the protection of personal data can be found in the Privacy Policy. The Company shall not be liable for the personal data protection of the User’s customers that use the Service. The Company shall not be liable for the contents and rules of personal data protection and privacy on the Other Websites, including those to which the Links refer. The Company shall not be liable for the damages caused by browsing the Other Websites or posting any personal data or other information on them. The Company recommends reading the rules of personal data protection and privacy on the Other Websites, including those to which the Links refer, before starting using them, in particular before publishing own personal data or other essential information on the Other Websites. TerminationWe may terminate or suspend your Account and ban access to Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of Terms. If you wish to terminate your Account, you may simply discontinue using Service. All provisions of Terms which, by their nature, should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding Service. Changes To ServiceWe reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Service, and any service or material we provide via Service, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of Service is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of Service, or the entire Service, to users, including registered users. Amendments To TermsWe may amend Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically. Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of revised Terms means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page frequently, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use Service. In case of any discrepancies between these Terms and the Agreement (if concluded), the provisions of the Agreement shall be applicable. The sentence refers also to the amendments of these Terms introduced in the Agreement. Waiver And SeverabilityNo waiver by Company of any term or condition set forth in Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Company to assert a right or provision under Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of Terms is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent AcknowledgementBY USING SERVICE OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED BY US, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. Contact UsAny time you wish to contact the Company, please send email at: contact@zema.io Sign Up Login Blogs Guide Get a Chatbot for your Website @Zema | All Rights Reserved Try Zema Privacy Policy Terms of Service"]